Update hand wire guide (#7044)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/hand_wire.md

Start by installing the switches and stabilisers in the plate. Depending on the thickness and material this may also involve hot gluing it in place.

## Planning the matrix

What you want to achieve is one leg from each switch being attached to the corresponding switches next to it (rows) and the other leg being attached to the switches above and below it (columns) and a diode to one of the legs, mosy commonly this will be the leg attached to the rows, and the diode will face away from it (Column to Row) i.e. with the wire furthest from the black line on the diode connected to the switch (as current will only travel in one direction through a diode)

It is fairly simple to plan for an ortholinear keyboard (like a planck) 

![Example planck matrix](https://i.imgur.com/FRShcLD.png)
Image from [RoastPotatoes' "How to hand wire a Planck"](https://blog.roastpotatoes.co/guide/2015/11/04/how-to-handwire-a-planck/)

> But the larger and more complicated your keyboard, the more complex the matrix.  [Keyboard Firmware Builder](https://kbfirmware.com/) can help you plan your matrix layout (shown here with a basic fullsize ISO keyboard imported from [Keyboard Layout Editor](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com)

Author: Reworded

![Example ISO matrix](https://i.imgur.com/UlJ4ZDP.png)

Also bear in mind that the number of rows plus the number of columns can not exceed the number of I/O pins on your controller.  So the fullsize matrix shown above would be possible on a Proton C or Teensy++, but not on a regular Teensy or Pro Micro

#### Common Microcontroller Boards

| Board         | Controller    | # I/O  | Pinout |
| :------------ |:-------------:| ------:| ------ |
| Pro Micro     | ATmega32u4    |     20 | [link](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/pro-micro--fio-v3-hookup-guide/hardware-overview-pro-micro)       |

> | Teensy 2.0    | ATmega32u4    |     25 | [link](https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/pinout.html)       |

Reviewer: Maybe add the Elite-c here?

Reviewer 2: Elite C uses the same pinout as the Pro Micro, with some extra pins. And there is no official page for it.

Author: Added a note about the Elite C and made a reference to split keyboards with a link to the relevant page

> | QMK Proton C      | STM32F303xC   |     36 | [link 1](https://i.imgur.com/RhtrAlc.png), [2](https://deskthority.net/wiki/QMK_Proton_C)       |

Author: It would, if the official page had a pinout

If you're not using any insulation, you can try to keep the column wires elevated, and solder them near the tips of the keyswitch contacts - if the wires are sturdy enough, they won't short out to the row wiring an diodes.

</details>

# Wiring up the controller

> 

Reviewer: A section for existing firmware might be a nice to have here, if someone is building an existing handwire

Author: I added this to the start of "planning the matrix"

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/z2QlKfB.jpg" alt="Ribbon Cable" width="350"/>

As you solder the wires to the controller make a note of which row/column is going to which pin on the controller as we'll use this data to setup the matrix when we create the firmware.

As you move along, be sure that the controller is staying in place - recutting and soldering the wires is a pain!

# Getting Some Basic Firmware Set Up

From here, you should have a working keyboard once you program a firmware.

Simple firmware can be created easily using the [Keyboard Firmware Builder](https://kbfirmware.com/) website.  Recreate your layout using [Keyboard Layout Editor](http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com), import it and recreate the matrix (if not already done as part of [planning the matrix](#planning-the-matrix).

Go through the rest of the tabs, assigning keys until you get to the last one where you can compile and download your firmware.  The .hex file can be flashed straight onto your keyboard, and the .zip of source files can be modified for advanced functionality and compiled locally using the method described in the collapsable section below.

<details>

> <summary>Creating and compiling your firmware locally (old method)</summary>

Reviewer: Not sure that "old" is the right word for this
```suggestion
<summary>Creating and compiling your firmware locally (command line method)</summary>
```

Reviewer: Also, you could link to https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs_getting_started for additional information

Author: Done!

Once you have your `<project_name>.hex` file, open up the Teensy loader application, and click the file icon. From here, navigate to your `QMK/keyboards/<project_name>/` folder, and select the `<project_name>.hex` file. Plug in your keyboard and press the button on the Teensy - you should see the LED on the device turn off once you do. The Teensy Loader app will change a little, and the buttons should be clickable - click the download button (down arrow), and then the reset button (right arrow), and your keyboard should be ready to go!

</details>

## Flashing the Firmware

> Install the [QMK toolbox](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_toolbox).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Install [QMK Toolbox](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_toolbox).
```
